[FIX] Clarify Upper-casing of Channels.tsv Channel Type (#548)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/04-intracranial-electroencephalography.md

TR1   TRIG  n/a   n/a         n/a         good    n/a
```
Restricted keyword list for field type in alphabetic order (shared with the MEG

> and EEG modality; however, only types that are common in iEEG data are listed here). Note that upper-case is REQUIRED:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and EEG modality; however, only types that are common in iEEG data are listed here).
Note that upper-case is REQUIRED:
```

> and EEG modality; however, only types that are common in iEEG data are listed here). Note that upper-casing is REQUIRED:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and EEG modality; however, only types that are common in iEEG data are listed here). Note that upper-case is REQUIRED:
```

| REF      | Reference channel                                                      |
| OTHER    | Any other type of channel                                              |

> The free text field (i.e. `OTHER` channel type) for the channel description can for example be specified as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free text field (i.e., `OTHER` channel type) for the channel description can for example be specified as
```

> The free text field (i.e., `OTHER` channel type) for the channel description can for example be specified as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free text field `description` in the `*_channels.tsv` file can for example be specified as
```

> The free text field `description` in the `*_channels.tsv` file can for example be specified as
> intracranial, stimulus, response, vertical EOG, horizontal EOG, skin
> conductance, eyetracker, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of free-form text for field `description`

-   intracranial, stimulus, response, vertical EOG,  skin conductance
```

| REF      | Reference channel                                                      |
| OTHER    | Any other type of channel                                              |

> Example of free-form text for field `description`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of free-form text for field `description`:
```
